# approximate

### Requirements
[ABC tools](https://github.com/berkeley-abc/abc), you could download and compile following the website's instruction.
Make sure the directory should be parallel to main.py.
Basically, no other special packages are required.
&<br>
<br>

### Introduction

The program provides a new method to generate approximate adders and multipliers.
The basic idea is to study the characteristics of small circuits which share similar architecture and structures with large circuits.
<br>
<br>

### Directories

- multipliers
<pre>
There are several benchmarks you can find,
 + mul: Array Multipliers (generated by abc);
 + bar: Booth Array Multipliers (bp-ar-cl);
 + bwt: Booth Wallace Tree Multipliers (bp-wt-cl);
</pre>

- approximate_circuit:
<pre>
There are some approximate multipliers generated by this program with different bitwidth.
</pre>

### Usage
- Generate approximate array multipliers / wallace tree multipliers
<pre>
python3 main.py approximate filename
Approximate multiplier filename is ended with 'ap'
</pre>

- Generate booth multipliers
<pre>
python3 main.py booth filename
Approximate multiplier filename is ended with 'ap'
</pre>

- Verify the approximate with given error
<pre>
python3 main.py verify correct_circuit approximate_circuit target_err
+ If SAT-solver returns UNSAT, it satisfies the threshold.
+ If SAT-solver returns SAT, it misses the target.
</pre>

- Notice
<pre>
This original file should be blif format and only 2-input gates are allowed.
In algorithm of approximate booth multipliers, there are some naming rules, please NOT use other original circuits not follow the naming rules.
</pre>
